##I

I just watched "Set It Up" with Zoey Deutch and Glen Powell, I love both of them
LOL. Especially Deutch, she's so goddamn cute. That movie was whacky feminist at
points. Very modern, too. On par with Always be my Maybe. Maybe all of these
Romcoms written for women are like this - the man and the woman are both
protagonists, but the dude kinda fails and the chick saves the day through being
the truly good one. By giving the guy an opportunity to meet her halfway, he
finally finally rises to the occasion and is worthy of her.

I enjoy the shit outta these movies because mutual respect between the
protagonists is one of their tenants, and that feels really good to see (rooting
for either party). But. I can't help but feel like shit sometimes because it
very much so reminds me of my relationship with Maddie. She was the protagonist
in that, and I was the side character, and she really wanted things to go a
certain way. I was too fuckin dumb to just have a conversation with her and end
things.

The mutual respect is awesome, but I can't stand some of the roasting? The only
explanation I can come up with is that I'm just incredibly insecure about some
stuff, which is very frustrating to admit because I logic no reason for me to be
so scared. Normally, that level of awareness is enough to overcome my emotions,
but I can't help feeling like shit when I hear that type of stuff. I can know
that deep down - not even deep down, on all levels of existence - Maddie liked
me, but that wouldn't stop me from getting hurt or pissed or sad whenever she
said some shit. It's like I have the thinnest skin in the world. And might I say
for no reason.

I know why it was like that for Maddie, it's because I didn't want us to work
out. I wanted her to *actually* mean those things, to actually think those
things, so when they were said they hit hard because I wanted to believe them so
much. Or something like that. But for real, why does it bother me to take the
backseat once in a while? To "hold the purse"? Because there wasn't mutual
respect. That's what's so fucked up about it all. Not only did I treat her
poorly but I didn't respect her even when she deserved it. I hate that that's
how I acted, of course, but more importantly, I hate that that's how I felt.

And I felt that way because I felt trapped by her. And I felt trapped by her
because I didn't break up with her when I was not enjoying the relationship. And
I didn't enjoy the relationship because I didn't care about her. And I didn't
care about her because I wasn't interested in what she had to say or in her body
or in other stuff about her. And I wasn't interested because I didn't respect.
Well, I didn't respect because I wasn't interested. Lack of respect isn't the
root, it's a symptom.

I claim that more than hating how I acted, I hate how I felt, but really.
Really? Hating how I acted affected how I felt. And so me holding onto the guise
of what I thought was an ~optimal~ relationship (fuck!) made my natural actions
shitty. My point is, my natural actions were only disgraceful because I cornered
myself. Because I was dishonest. The thing I don't blame myself for made me do
something that I'm really beating myself up about.

So the takeaway is that acting like the relationship was working in the first
place, when it wasn't, was the real evil.

## II

Maybe I knew that those small roasty things were huge indicators of interest.
Maybe I felt like they were unwelcome pieces of shit that just bothered me with
no redeeming quality. Maybe I don't actually care that much about them normally,
but I only did because I didn't know how to respond to them. From a friend,
"haha fuck you" is perfect. From someone else, I honestly don't think it would
get under my skin. But from Maddie, I felt like Atlas, holding up the
relationship by not saying how unhappy I was. And anything that wasn't exactly
what I wanted made me wanna shrug. And "ohhh ho! Now SHE wouldn't want that,
would she?" No. Bullshit. She tried very hard to make it work, and that's the
truth. But if she knew what I knew she wouldn't for a SECOND want to keep it
going. She'd be sad, yes. But it would be an easy and quick if not instant
decision. I am proud to say I've reached that point myself, now.

In reality, though, it was ME who didn't want us to break up. Not because I
wanted us to stay together, but because I didn't want to go through the breakup.
And not because it would hurt me, but because it would reveal how much I didn't
care. And that's what I was scared of. That's the root of my fears. That I don't
care, and that I'll never care.

## I don't care.

But I want to.

## IV

So to recap all this: I love the RomComs because they make me feel good. I love
the modern ones because they're ~woke af~ and the jokes are genuinely incredibly
clever sometimes (there're stupid ones, too, but I love those a ton too.
Everyone loves dumb jokes). I like the idea of how feminist they are, but it
also scares me, because the one woman who I met that was that strong and badass
revealed some pretty ugly things about myself. And the fact that I felt (and
sometimes feel) like I couldn't fix those things made the reveal an evil thing.
Instead of something I should celebrate as the constructive feedback it was.

The insecurity I need to defeat isn't "not caring", it's "feeling like I can't
fix the problem of me not caring sometimes". If I have faith or confidence or
whatEVER to the point where I feel like I can fix my problem of not caring, then
there will be no fear.

If I can care, things will work out. When I give a fuck, things work. That's the
lesson I learned from Maddie. That's the takeaway. So I can stop being scared, I
can stop hiding, and I can of course get back up on that horse.

With this mindset, I can appreciate the badass and great women. With the old
mindset, strong women that'll "reveal me for who I really am" would show the
world that I was a bad person. Well, I'm not a bad person. I acted bad, (and
yeah, it's nothing compared to what some other people think or do, but I have
reasonable standards for myself, okay? I don't fuck with Paladins for no reason,
but maybe I should chill on idolizing stuff. Maybe this is some golden calf
bullshit). I acted bad, but I'm not evil. A smart girl wouldn't "eventually
learn that I'm shit", they'd see me for who I am, and let's be real, be
impressed.

But only if I cut the bullshit. Only if I don't lie, only if I'm honest to
myself and to her. So how could I have been honest with Maddie if it meant
telling her that I wasn't interested?

I wasn't interested because I simply wasn't interested. I like her as a friends,
truly truly truly. But I ALSO just wasn't interested. It feels so dirty to say
that I'm not interested in someone who cares about me. It feels dirty to say
that I think she's unattractive and I was repulsed by her sometimes. It feels
dirty to see someone I logic so much respect for and emotionally be so
detatched from what they're saying to me. To actually not care how their day
was. Is that even a friend?

Well. It didn't start like that. In the end, the vicious cycle took hold. And
all those awful things were true because I felt trapped. But at the start? What
ruined it at the start? Was it the small comments? Was it how I thought she was
ugly? I really think it was those small comments. Why did they bother me so
much? If that's the case, then the answer is that I truly didn't respect her
from the start.

Which is fucked. And feels dirty and sad to admit that, as well. The vicious
cycle didn't cause me to respect her less, me not respecting her caused me to
respect her less. So why did I not respect her? I thought she was dumb. Holy
shit you really can't say that to someone. These are some ugly thoughts. So ugly
that I really shouldn't share them with Angie or anyone. I should even delete
them from my disk. But I won't, because I need to come to terms with this part
of myself.

And oh fuck I thought she was dumb and annoying and not worthy of respect
because I couldn't hit on other girls when she was present. I wanted her outta
my life, even before we were dating. It was only when we started dating that she
started expecting things and giving a fuck about the small dismissals and the
neglect. It wasn't negligence or lack of EQ, it was fucked up at that point.
Yeah, it was fucked up.

She was like "it wasn't obvious I've had a crush on you for all this time" No.
It honestly wasn't. It was and it wasn't. I deluded myself SO hard wishing it
weren't so. I also did have some self-confidence issues so I didn't really
understand how or why she'd feel that way, especially knowing what I did about
how I felt about her. And also, I didn't know what else I'd do other than accept
and appreciate the attention. I should explained myself. She should been forward
and talked to me about it. I should have done what was legally allowed and hit
on other girls when we weren't dating. She should have asked for exclusivity if
that's what she wanted. Well, she eventually did and the relationship is how it
all turned out.

But I let that happen in the first place. I walked into it excited, thinking
things would change, loving the intimacy and the closeness and the promise of
not being lonely. But you don't really get those things for free, you get those
things because you're with someone who you'd willingly give those to. And
honestly? Honestly. Yeah, I was willing to give those things. But I guess things
changed, or more realistically I wanted more.

It really fucking sucks that it boils down to I wasn't attracted to her. That's
kinda the thing I've been in denial about for the longest, and I think it might
be the root of our issues. I wanted out, so her playful teasing drove me insane.
Why did I want out in the first place? Before the playful teasing was a
negative? Yeah. Because I just straight up wasn't attracted to her.

That's why the asexual thing made this so goddamned hard. Because I felt like
that before I felt not attracted to her. I'm not asexual, BUT! I'm definitely on
the spectrum somewhere. I have a weird and different sex drive. It is lower than
other people. It is different than other people. And yeah, even if I had a
higher sex drive I still wouldn't be attracted to Maddie. It's like this.
Imagine a small circle with a small area. That's who I'm attracted to. Now grow
the circle large, that's who regular people are attracted to. Maddie wouldn't be
in either. That's an awful thing to say to someone, and honestly I felt like it
was one of her only insecurities. I couldn't STAND the thought of being someone
who hit their friends in the weak spot like that.

Ignoring the fact that once I put myself in a position like this, the longer I
waited the more it was gunna hurt. Continual lack of foresight caused my to
corner myself, then shrink further and further into the corner until there was no
escape. It's a twofold kinda deal. Hot damn!

So I should have confidently explained that I wasn't into her. I loved the
emotional intimacy, but you really can't ask that from someone who expects
emotional and physical intimacy if you aren't willing to give them physical
intimacy UNLESS you explain that to them. Then they can decide for themselves if
they're okay with that type of relationship.

Maybe I should share this with Koji, to get his thoughts and to have a
conversation about that sweet phone call he made to me where hew as confident
and badass and also probably (definitely) drunk ahaha. But the point is - he was
putting himself first in that conversation and it was awesome. If he does that
more, (or all the time) then he'll be living a very different life and he'll be
having very different problems. He'll be a wanderer, and there's absolutely
nothing wrong with that. Koji, remember when your mom even said so herself?!?

They can decide for themselves if they're okay with that type of relationship.
And it doesn't have to be because of a lack of attraction, it can be for some
lame excuse, or because "I don't see you that way". And if she pressed, yes. I
think I would eventually say "Because I'm just not attracted to you." Yea no
that's still pretty fucked up.

I even tried to talk to her about that stuff after my first talk with Cian. I
called her. I told her I didn't care about her as much as she cared about me.
She got mad because she didn't like that, but holy fuck it sure as hell was my
right - no, my DUTY - to stick to my guns on that one! As soon as I realized
that I shoulda ... well... maybe not talked to her about it but I shoulda backed
off. Instead, I kept initiating and accepting emotional intimacy from her. I
wonder who initiated more and all that stuff that fateful Sophomore year summer.
No idea.

But anyway, that's why the other relationships I've had felt so much less
tainted. Because they WERE so much less tainted. I displayed an absolutely
massive red flag to Maddie and we "worked through it". No we didn't, we hid it.
We buried it, and I tried to shoulder it all myself. Something, I might add, I
would always get mad at her for doing. "Don't try to put it all on yourself.
Share the burden with me" I would say, knowing that if she did so I would fail
and we'd break up. Because that was what I wanted. And she knew to some extent
to so she would never share.

Why is it that I still thought she could never do wrong? Even after all these
mistakes are so clear in hindsight? Because there's what I felt, and what I
wanted to feel. And she acted ALWAYS acted exactly like I wanted to feel. Like I
wanted her to feel and like I wanted to feel myself. So she was right, and I was
wrong. I was wrong, I was bad, and she was good. And you can't tell someone good
that you want to end your relationship with them because they're ugly. That's
fucked up.

I shouldn't have taken so much intimacy from her. I should have rejected it. I
should have had a "friend breakup". She wouldn't let us drift apart because of
her crush, and because I fucking weasled my way straight back into her life.
What an idiot! Because I didn't want to feel bad about how things ended. And if
I never get her to understand this, then she might spend the rest of her life
thinking I'm an asshole. Well, that's alright. It's better than this happening
again.

# III

I don't deserve to have everyone like me. That's the goddamned truth. No one
does. It's so obvious that it's almost a tautology. And that means that even
people I respect, and people that I care about. Even some of them won't like me.
Maddie will be that person for me. She is not the one that got away, she is not
the one that could have been. She is the great girl that I treated like shit,
that thinks - knows - I'm a bad friend (I can't help but want to qualify the end
of this sentence with "to her"). And she's the one that exposes some of the bad
things in life to me, and the one that exposes some of the bad things about me
to me.

I should leave work early tomorrow and spend some time with Angie. I am looking
forward to Sabrina's party.
