# I

I've been working. It's cool to see the people from the office again.

I don't think I want to publish this one. I put in a little bit of work on my
site, but it's pretty much just the landing page. I have so many elements under
the menu element that need to read if the menu is open or closed. I'm passing a
prop all the way down to each of them, but I think that I want to use a "context
provider" instead. I have to learn what that is first though. LOL

I've been feeling sad, and I think it's because I'm like lonely. Even though I
have friends and stuff all around, I want a girl. I do believe that I can get
one, too, but I think that no matter what I'll be bored of her. I hope that's
not the case. Maybe if that's what I think then it's not a girl that I want. An
easy thing to say is "I want a purpose", but I *do* have a purpose.

I just need to exercise more. I will make sure I use the elliptical tomorrow,
for like an hour or something when I get home. Also, I'll text Caitlin Cozine.
Also, I'm going to hang out with Koji and Angie and Hyuntae, so that should be
a lotta fun. I hope that the four of us watch an episode or two of Ping Pong the
Animation. I'm curious as to what I'll think about that show now.

# II

I don't feel like writing much, but it's pretty soothing to just type stuff. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs. How razorback-jumping frogs can level
six piqued gymnasts. Watch Jeopardy, Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game. That was a
lot more work than it was worth. Quality content should take work, though. But
there's nothing to say that shit content can't take a lotta work too hahaha.

What do I know. Sarang is a homie. The problem they gave me at work is pretty
cool, using python to query into an SQL db is new, and a LOT easier than I
thought, and I guess not that special. I wanna build a web app with a small
database attached to it. But I don't really wanna spend much time on coding
stuff outside of work. Not because I'm burnt out, but just because I lose so
much of my day's free time that it's a bummer to do something that isn't short
and sweet.

Maybe I have to be willing to invest more time into something that won't give
instant gratification to find true happiness. Maybe I'm just getting melancholy
every night because of a lack of exercise. Maybe I have a chemical imbalance
that should be treated more seriously, but I doubt the last one. I've seen how
depressed people act and I truly think that I've been there (or near there)
before, and that's not where I'm at right now.

It feels good to just type. Just type out a long sentence and not have to put
any meaning behind the words. Lost in the quick clicking of the butterfly key
keyboard in front of me. I don't have anything to say, but my mind is buzzing,
it's a little bit painful. Like someone is stepping on my toes. That never hurt
as a kid, but people would always act like it did, so it became something I say
even if it was never something I felt. I guess that makes it an idiom.

# III

Well, I suppose I don't have anything else to say.
